What have the other guys told you? What do you know about our company? Any questions right of the bat?








If someone gave you a lottery ticket and you won $100 million, what would you do?







What do you think are the most important attributes of successful people? How do you rate yourself in those areas?





How do you take advantage of your strengths? How do you compensate for your weaknesses?







What do you have Strong Opinions about?







How did you make your employer more money?








How did you save your employer money?









Which areas of your work are most often praised?










How would a co-worker who likes you describe you?







How would a co-worker who dislikes you describe you?






What is the project you worked on that you're the most proud of?








Do you prefer to work in groups, in a pair, or alone? What's the biggest group project you've ever done? How did it go?








What are some of your favorite things from places you've worked in the past? What would you replicate if you were starting your own company?









What are you looking for in your next job? How would working at our company fit into your career path? What does your ideal day look like?








What’s a time you disagreed with a decision that was made by your boss? 








Do you know about the concept of burn out? Have you ever experienced it?








Have you ever been on a project or on a team where you had no motivation? How did you cope with that?









Describe some instances where you've worked closely with someone non-technical.








How does testing affect the way you write code?







What makes working in automated and algorithmic trading different from other software jobs?







What would your first 30, 60, 90 days look like in this role?







If a trader comes to you and says their strategy crashed, how would you go about fixing it?









What do you do when you're working with someone who seems much less motivated or capable than you are? What about more motivated or more capable?









What are your favorite tools to use while coding?








What is your favorite programming language? Why?








What are different kinds of programming languages? How would you describe your favorite programming language to someone who had never heard of them?








How would you descibe C++ to someone who had never heard of it? How would you convince someone to use C++ as the primary language for their product? What language features would you promote?











What are some approaches to configuration and monitoring trading applications. If you were writing a trading application from scratch how would you handle these?









Have you ever used a debugger? What is a situation where you would use a debugger?







What are some concerns when processing tick data?









What are examples of polymorphism in C++?







Do you know what the implicit member functions of a class are in C++?

1. default constructor 

2. copy constructor 

3. assignment operator 

4. default destructor 

5. address operator





What is the difference between realloc and free?










What is the concept of an invariant in programming? Loop invariant, class invariant








Have you heard of or read Flash Boys? What are your thoughts?








What is the difference between an exchange and a dark pool?








What is a cancel-replace? Why would someone want to use that?








What is tag 35 in FIX? What is the difference between tag 39 and tag 150?









What are some concerns when working with multicasted data? How can you mitigate these?








What are some strategies for anticipating changing requirements in your code?








Can you name a time you wrote a recursive function in production code?







What features would you consider when purchasing hardware for HFT?







Why would you have a machine with more than one NIC?







Have you used git? Describe the architecture of git.









If you were designing a trading application, what things would you monitor? What would be your approach to monitoring and administering it? 










How would you build a toaster for a blind person?










If you were designing a trading application, how would you architect it?









Are you comfortable with the command line? Can you describe what these programs do?

tee

cut

curl

watch

head

tail

grep

sed

lsof

disown








If you have a log file that's getting written to throughout the day, what would could you do to make sure you detect occurrences of the word ERROR in a timely manner?










What is a Ring Buffer/Circular Buffer/Cyclic Buffer/Circular Queue? Why would you use one? Can you implement one using an array?













Write a function that, given a number, n, returns n factorial multipled by the sum of all integers from 1 to n:

n!*(n + (n-1) + ... + 1)











Write a function that detects if a linked list has any loops.












Write a program that takes a string and outputs the top ten most frequently occurring words.

void printTopTen(std::string s);










If I give you an n x n square of numbers, with n^2 in the top left and spiraling and decrementing inward, write a function that gives the number at specified coordinates.

int getNumber(int n, int x, int y);

n=1:

1

-or-
n=2:

4   3

1   2

-or-
n=3:

9   8   7

2   1   6

3   4   5











What do you like to do outside of work?






